Aj okta 876093 Fix deleted page (#5340)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/migrate-to-okta-bulk/main/index.md

    "objectClass": [
        "okta:user_group"
    ],
    "type": "OKTA_GROUP",
    "profile": {
        "name": "All Employees",
        "description": "Every single one of our employees"
    },
    "_links": {
        "logo": [
            {
                "name": "medium",
                "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/img/logos/groups/okta-medium.png",
                "type": "image/png"
            },
            {
                "name": "large",
                "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/img/logos/groups/okta-large.png",
                "type": "image/png"
            }
        ],
        "users": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/00g40q3dfwN2l6Bju357/users"
        },
        "apps": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/00g40q3dfwN2l6Bju357/apps"
        }
    }
}
```

You can obtain the new group ID (`id`) from the response to use when you create users in that group later. You can also list all groups in your org and obtain their IDs using a [List all groups](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Group/#tag/Group/operation/listGroups) request.

> You can also create groups in your Admin Console. For more information, see [About groups](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=Directory_Groups) in the product documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create groups in your Admin Console, see [About groups](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=Directory_Groups) in the product documentation.
```

Reviewer: (just to avoid saying also twice)

## Create users

After you create all the necessary Okta groups, you can create users and include their group memberships. As mentioned earlier, this example uses the [Create user without credentials](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/User/#create-user-without-credentials) scenario to create our sample user. In our sample, the user's email address is our unique login and the group IDs are from the List groups request in the previous step.

### Request example with groups

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS {api_token}" \
-d '{
  "profile": {
    "firstName": "John",
    "lastName": "Smith",
    "email": "john.smith@example.com",
    "login": "john.smith@example.com"
  },
  "groupIds": [
    "00g40q3dfwN2l6Bju357",
    "00g40qj7v5fn1AcOi357",
    "00g40qkfmol5YWDUX357"
  ]
}' "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?activate=false"
```

> If you don't have any groups or want to add your users to groups later, simply use the same request but without the `groupIds` array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have any groups or want to add your users to groups later, use the same request but without the `groupIds` array.
```

    "passwordChanged": null,
    "type": {
        "id": "oty1lidmn8y5qtJc6357"
    },
    "profile": {
        "firstName": "John",
        "lastName": "Smith",
        "mobilePhone": null,
        "secondEmail": null,
        "login": "john.smith@example.com",
        "email": "john.smith@example.com"
    },
    "credentials": {
        "emails": [
            {
                "value": "john.smith@example.com",
                "status": "VERIFIED",
                "type": "PRIMARY"
            }
        ],
        "provider": {
            "type": "OKTA",
            "name": "OKTA"
        }
    },
    "_links": {
        "schema": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/meta/schemas/user/osc1lidmn8y5qtJc6357"
        },
        "activate": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users/00u40qykk8zaeeRfe357/lifecycle/activate",
            "method": "POST"
        },
        "self": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users/00u40qykk8zaeeRfe357"
        },
        "type": {
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/meta/types/user/oty1lidmn8y5qtJc6357"
        }
    }
}
```

## User status and activation

> The user status in the response when you create a user is set to `STAGED`, which means that the user has been created but not activated yet. You can activate users using the API or in your Admin Console. For more information on account states and activation, see the following links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user status in the response when you create a user is set to `STAGED`, which means that the user has been created but not activated yet. You can activate users with the API or in your Admin Console. For more information on account states and activation, see the following links:
```

* [User status values](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/User/#user-status) (API reference)
* [Activate a user request](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UserLifecycle/#tag/UserLifecycle/operation/activateUser) (API reference)
* [About user account status](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_end_user_states) (product documentation)
* [Activate user accounts](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_activate_user) (product documentation)

## Rate limits

> Remember that [rate limits](/docs/reference/rate-limits/) apply to API requests when doing bulk/batch user migration. Rate limits differ depending on the level of service that you’ve purchased from Okta. [You can check your rate limits](/docs/reference/rate-limits/#check-your-rate-limits-with-okta-s-rate-limit-headers) in your code using the Okta Rate Limit Headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that [rate limits](/docs/reference/rate-limits/) apply to API requests when performing bulk/batch user migration. Rate limits differ depending on the level of service that you’ve purchased from Okta. [You can check your rate limits](/docs/reference/rate-limits/#check-your-rate-limits-with-okta-s-rate-limit-headers) in your code using the Okta Rate Limit Headers.
```

## Next steps

At this point, you should understand how to use the Okta API to migrate legacy users and groups to Okta.

> Your next step should be configuring the necessary integration and access to applications for your users. Be sure to read the product documentation for an [overview of application integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Apps) and see the information about [The Applications Page](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Apps_Page) for more on how to configure your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your next step is configuring the necessary integration and access to applications for your users. Be sure to read the product documentation for an [overview of application integration](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Apps) and see the information about [The Applications Page](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Apps_Page) for more on how to configure your applications.
```
